[Music]
in the dawn of this Sunday five prisoners
fled the buerarema public jail
the internees identified as Raphael
viana dos santos
the raffle marcos joel sampaio dos santos
leonardo bispo dos santos diego
Conceição dos Santos and Geovane da Silva
saints
the cannon they excavated along the
two holes and fled through the
funds where the warehouse works
municipal
our report had access with
the internal area of the cell of
where the prisoners fled in the local people
find some food some breads some
medicine soda bottles and
also the sheets they put here
to improvise in the bathroom where they
made their physiological needs
inside another cell that works
here inside let's get in here there's two
holes with approximately 40
centimeters it was in this place that they
managed to escape and
freedom
the other side of this wall runs a
city ​​hall warehouse
according to the civil police people of the
outside where there is a swamp here
near the public jail of buerarema he
play knife and homemade weapons
prisoners have not yet been recaptured and
This is the second escape that happens in the
municipality in less than a year in the
public of buerarema should house 20
detainees but there are custody with nine
arrested before the escape were 43 men
among them are detainees still
they were not heard by the bahia court
the verb about stocking is blurred
even this bag does not have a television
do not have a radio to distract me
This human mind is foggy.
seeming rdd will only have brings the
Look, I just thought the idea was great.
performance in food imitation
past and 1 25 you wait there you see
This bag is just who knows what
explain this mess to us who stay there
here inside this chemical poison see your
mother transfer being the best do not have
night transfer bag is not going to
transfer to other times here with
almost two years will not soon received
Judge will not put any is the prisoner
the old man here and there the boat 's
stone and how long the
gang
even though it was not even a hearing in
a year in two months you did what you open
the door answering a preventive there is
who enjoys and had no
online audience no cloud should not
be public here or anything else
prisoners in this cell and have and have
Unless we're going to see this and we'll see it here.
this cell of kaká other prisoners have
I know how many here in the house.
while capacity for only three
prisoners in each cell that has ten
here process stopped process of
God is the oldest company in proposing
is here with the echo in the
how much time to two years of 22 years is the
dn audiences at all stopped everything here
according to the delegate Pedro Chauí already
been requested several times
interdiction of the public
buerarema besides an external guard of the
military police but in several
negotiations were not successful
civil
[Music]